It's time to eat
Come back this afternoon.
Isn't there still ten minutes left?
What can you do in ten minutes?
Get out of here
A country girl
A pig butcher
I'm afraid it will dirty my land
What happened to the pig butcher?
The one who kills the pig also lives a decent life
You are not official
Your prestige is so small, you dead girl still dare to be stubborn with me
I'm afraid I'll delete you.
Presumptuous dare to fight me
What are you doing?
Director Li and the other two are here to make trouble
I persuaded them a few words
You dare to fight me?
That's outrageous.
Hurry up and catch him
We are here to sign the account.
You block the door and don't let in, and you want to do it
How did we become a troublemaker?
Comrade Li Xiaoyun does not serve the people
overbearing
I am now in the capacity of the director
Order you to stop for a month
Go home and reflect
Director Li, I know I was wrong
Don't support me
Director Li, please come here
You have a good eye this time
Is he asleep?